
System Integration, Verification & Validation (Junior)

ID
    REF477A

    Calgary, AB, CA

Category
    Engineering

Employment Type
    Full-time

Hiring Company
    General Dynamics Mission Systems–Canada

Apply Now
Company Description

At General Dynamics Mission Systems–Canada, our focus extends beyond engineering technology solutions—we are dedicated to cultivating careers. Our mission is to establish a workplace that thrives on diversity, where your beliefs, cultural background, experiences, and ideas are valued and contribute to our collective strength. If you seek a purpose-driven career solving some of the world’s most critical problems, alongside some of the brightest engineering minds, your application is welcome. Join a community where your unique perspective propels innovation.
Job Description

We are a smart team of doers that work passionately to ensure our systems work as specified and will transform our Canadian Army’s experiences. We are currently looking for an Junior Systems Integration, Verification and Validation Engineering Analyst to join our Mobile Domain team. You will work as part of a multi-disciplined engineering team that has adopted an Agile framework, so you will take part in Scrum events, Sprint reviews, and work collaboratively with our program teams and customers. This position is based on-site at our Calgary facility.

In this role, no two days are the same! Working primarily in a lab environment, you can expect to:

    Develop test cases and procedures, and test methods for system verification tests
    Innovate with test methods, create automated test programs, and design and participate in validation tests in the lab and field
    Set up and configure radios to develop a test case or investigate a problem.
    You will work side-by-side with the customer in an Integrated Product Team environment and interact with software engineering, systems engineering, and management teams
    This position will include working with Networking and routing, VLANs, Microsoft applications, radios, voice and data networks, and various automation, troubleshooting, and simulation tools (Robot Framework, Wireshark, VCCI, CORE, VBS).

Qualifications

    Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Engineering, and Electrical Engineering, Science or equivalent in a related technical degree
    Relevant co-op or internship experience with a focus on integration and verification, ideally at a system level (design, development, and verification)
    Problem solving and root cause analysis skills
    Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment
    Interest in learning and working with communication systems and technology
    Must be able to obtain and maintain Canadian Security Clearance and a positive Controlled Goods Assessment. Eligibility to work in Canada either as a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident.

Ideally, you may also have experience in some of the following:

    Experience in defining, developing, and executing system tests
    Investigation, characterization, and resolution of complex defects
    Knowledge of Army structure, operational concepts, and systems
    Familiarity with Ethernet communications, networking, VLANs, Internet Protocol (IP)
    Analysis and derivation of operational requirements into test documents

Additional Information

Our success is fueled by individual diversity, encouraging applications from women, members of the LGBTQ2+ community, multi-cultural backgrounds, and persons with disabilities. We will work with you around any workplace accommodation required during our application process. If you require accommodation or have questions, please contact Human Resources via recruitment@gd-ms.ca.

Our comprehensive benefits package is just another reason our employees stick around, enjoy:

    A Flexible Working Environment: Embracing a Hybrid work model with the choice of enjoying every other Friday off is more than a perk; it's a commitment to fostering a healthy work-life balance.
    Personalized Career Development: Your growth within the organization is not just supported; it's valued. Anticipate regular progress reviews, access to an Educational Assistance Program, and a personalized development plan tailored to your aspirations.
    Total Rewards Package: Consider it covered—health, dental, and beyond. Early access to a pension plan, coupled with various perks to acknowledge your contributions to the organization.

Apply now to be a part of a workplace defined by who we are, and who we do it for.
