
Ansys logo
Ansys
R&D Engineer II 
Vancouver, BC · Reposted 5 days ago · Over 100 potential applicants
Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers

Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.
Reactivate Premium

Cancel anytime, for any reason.
People you can reach out to

    University of Calgary logo

University of Calgary logo
School alumni from University of Calgary
Meet the hiring team
Abigail
Abigail Zubik Abigail Zubik is verified
3rd
Talent Acquisition at Ansys
Job poster
About the job

Requisition #: 15318

Our Mission: Powering Innovation That Drives Human Advancement  

When visionary companies need to know how their world-changing ideas will perform, they close the gap between design and reality with Ansys simulation. For more than 50 years, Ansys software has enabled innovators across industries to push boundaries by using the predictive power of simulation. From sustainable transportation to advanced semiconductors, from satellite systems to life-saving medical devices, the next great leaps in human advancement will be powered by Ansys.

Innovate With Ansys, Power Your Career. 

Summary

The R&D Engineer II contributes to the development of software products and supporting systems. In this role, the R&D Engineer II will collaborate with a team of expert professionals to

understand customer requirements and accomplish development objectives. This includes the

transformation and componentization of industry-leading Electronics products, and integration

into an emerging Python developer ecosystem.

Responsibilities

     Performs moderately complex development activities, including the design, implementation, maintenance, testing and documentation of software modules and subsystems 
     Understands and employs best practices 
     Performs moderately complex bug verification, release testing and beta support for assigned products. Researches problems discovered by QA or product support and develops solutions 
     Understands the marketing requirements for a product, including target environment, performance criteria and competitive issues 
     Works under the general supervision of a development manager 

Minimum Qualifications

     BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field with 2 years' experience or MS 
     Working experience with software design and development methodologies 
     Demonstrated experience with C++ and at least one other language 

Preferred Qualifications

     MS in Engineering or Computer Science 
     Experience as a software developer working with any of the following: REST, gRPC, Python, C++, C#, Jupyter Notebooks, Pandas, NumPy, AI/ML to include LLMs, GitHub 
     Experience in a large-scale commercial software development environment 
     Good communication and interpersonal skills 
     Ability to learn quickly and to collaborate with others in a geographically distributed team 

At Ansys, we know that changing the world takes vision, skill, and each other. We fuel new ideas, build relationships, and help each other realize our greatest potential. We are ONE Ansys. We operate on three key components: the commitments to our stakeholders, the behaviors of how we work together, and the actions of how we deliver results. Together as ONE Ansys, we are powering innovation that drives human advancement. 

Our Commitments

    Amaze with innovative products and solutions
    Make our customers incredibly successful
    Act with integrity
    Ensure employees thrive and shareholders prosper

Our Values

    Adaptability: Be open, welcome what's next
    Courage: Be courageous, move forward passionately
    Generosity: Be generous, share, listen, serve
    Authenticity: Be you, make us stronger

Our Actions

    We commit to audacious goals
    We work seamlessly as a team
    We demonstrate mastery
    We deliver outstanding results

INCLUSION IS AT OUR CORE 

We believe diverse thinking leads to better outcomes. We are committed to creating and nurturing a workplace that fuels this by welcoming people, no matter their background, identity, or experience, to a workplace where they are valued and where diversity, inclusion, equity, and belonging thrive.

Welcome What’s Next In Your Career At Ansys

At Ansys, you will find yourself among the sharpest minds and most visionary leaders across the globe. Collectively we strive to change the world with innovative technology and transformational solutions. With a prestigious reputation in working with well-known, world-class companies, standards at Ansys are high — met by those willing to rise to the occasion and meet those challenges head on. Our team is passionate about pushing the limits of world-class simulation technology, empowering our customers to turn their design concepts into successful, innovative products faster and at a lower cost.

At Ansys, it’s about the learning, the discovery, and the collaboration. It’s about the “what’s next” as much as the “mission accomplished.” And it’s about the melding of disciplined intellect with strategic direction and results that have, can, and do impact real people in real ways. All this is forged within a working environment built on respect, autonomy, and ethics.

 

CREATING A PLACE WE’RE PROUD TO BE 

Ansys is an S&P 500 company and a member of the NASDAQ-100. We are proud to have been recognized for the following more recent awards, although our list goes on: Newsweek’s Most Loved Workplace globally and in the U.S., Gold Stevie Award Winner, America’s Most Responsible Companies, Fast Company World Changing Ideas, Great Place to Work Certified (Belgium, China, Greece, France, India, Japan, Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, and U.K.).

 

For more information, please visit us at www.ansys.com

 

Ansys is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

 

Ansys does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of Ansys. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity.

