
indie Semiconductor logo
indie Semiconductor
Embedded System Firmware Engineer 
Toronto, ON · Reposted 10 hours ago · Over 100 potential applicants
Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers

Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.
Reactivate Premium

Cancel anytime, for any reason.
About the job

Overview

Do you enjoy working in a creative fast-growing entrepreneurial environment? With indie you´ll never walk alone! We place high value on our teams and pursue excellence for our employees and customers!

indie is empowering the Autotech revolution with next generation automotive semiconductors and software platforms. We focus on edge sensors spanning multiple modalities including LiDAR, radar, ultrasound and vision for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), autonomous vehicles, connected car, user experience and electrification applications.

As a Software Engineer at indie, you’ll be responsible for designing, implementing, and defining validation plans for various software modules on a multi-processor system. This role is ideal for a self-motivated, problem-solver who thrives in a collaborative environment and can provide technical mentorship.

Key Responsibilities

    Design, implement, and test system-level firmware features.
    Optimize system resources and video data paths based on product use cases.
    Integrate advanced image and video processing features (e.g., warping, computer vision) from algorithm teams.
    Develop and maintain device drivers for the AUTOSAR stack.
    Integrate indie’s camera processor with various system hosts and third-party middleware.
    Create and maintain tools for both customers and developers.
    Support customer system bring-up and troubleshoot issues as they arise.

Requirements

At indie, we value Creativity, Ownership, and Excellence. We understand that nobody is perfect; this role will provide opportunities to grow and expand your expertise.

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
    Proficiency in C programming and debugging within RTOS environments.
    Experience with real-time embedded systems, including threading, optimization, memory management, and interrupt handling.
    Familiarity with the software development lifecycle.
    Knowledge of Python as a scripting language.
    Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Preferred Skills

    Experience with Board Support Packages (BSPs).
    Understanding of I2C, UART, SPI, and Ethernet protocols.
    Knowledge of heterogeneous multi-core systems.
    Software development experience in automotive or other safety-critical industries.
    Knowledge of the AUTOSAR system.
    Familiarity with cryptographic authentications, hashing, encryption algorithms, and secure key storage technologies.

indie Semiconductor and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process.

Concerning agencies: indie Semiconductor does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such. 